git add .
git commit -m "Implement onboarding and transaction confirmation flow"
git push origin main


So the onboarding process is:

User hits the referral link.
Enters his Phone Number, Gets otp, 
(Referral link is clubbed with the phone number entered in the local database)
Once authenticated, Gets to enter his name.
After Meeting all above conditions. Hits continue.
He is in the dashboard.
He has three working options, a) Add Contacts b) Invite his friends (Only those who are not existing users of the app) c) View the published reports. 
Other options are non functional. 

Your comments on it. 



My Comments: 
Step 1: Welcome & Identity
Page: onboarding-step1.html
Purpose: To make the user feel like this is their account.
Headline: "Welcome, [User's Name]!"
Core Action: A single, friendly input field: "What should we call you?" (Pre-filled with the default User 1234, but editable).
Button: "Continue"
Why this works: Personalization is the first step to engagement. It immediately invests the user in their profile.

Step 1 is fine. 

Step 2: Build Your Trust Network
Page: onboarding-step2.html
Purpose: To solve the "empty app" problem. The app is useless without contacts.
Headline: "Your trust is built with people you know."
Core Action: A large, primary button: "Add Your First Contact". This triggers the phone's native contact picker.
Safety Net: A smaller link below: "Or Enter a Number Manually". 
This opens a simple form with "Name" and "Phone Number" fields for desktop users or those who can't use the picker.
Why this works: It forces the user to perform the most critical first action. We explicitly tell them why they're doing it, connecting it to the core value of "trust."

Step 2 is fine.

Step 3: Understand the Core Loop
Page: onboarding-step3.html
Purpose: To set expectations and prime the user for the main action on the dashboard.
Headline: "You're all set! Here's how it works."
Core Content: A simple, visual 3-step graphic:
Record: "You record a transaction with a contact."
Share: "You send them a secure confirmation link."
Confirm: "They confirm, and it's added to your trusted ledger."
Final Button: A big, satisfying button: "Go to My Dashboard".
Why this works: It answers the "What now?" question and ensures the user understands the unique value proposition of the "Digital Shakehand" before they even see the main dashboard.

Step 3 is fine.

Technical Work Involved (Discussion Points)
Redirection Logic:
When a brand-new user signs up in auth.js, we will redirect them to onboarding-step1.html instead of index.html.
The checkLoginStatus() function (which protects the dashboard) will need a check: if the user is logged in but has not completed onboarding, they get redirected back to onboarding-step1.html.
State Management:
How do we know if onboarding is complete? We can add a simple flag to the user's object in IndexedDB: onboardingComplete: true.
This flag is set to true only after the user clicks "Go to My Dashboard" on the final step.
Data Persistence:
The name the user enters in Step 1 must be saved to the users store in IndexedDB.
The contact they add in Step 2 must be saved to the contacts store.

If an existing user hits the referral link, he will be directed to the dashboard, or to the onboarding process where he/she left during their last attempt. Old referral link is maintained. 